ANS 1
		 An exception is an event, which occurs during the execution of a program, that disrupts the normal flow of the program's instructions. When an error occurs within a method, the method creates an object and hands it off to the runtime system.

ANS 2
		The Exception Handling in Java is one of the powerful mechanism to handle the runtime errors so that the normal flow of the application can be maintained.

In this tutorial, we will learn about Java exceptions, it's types, and the difference between checked and unchecked exceptions.

ANS 3
		Checked exceptions happen at compile time when the source code is transformed into an executable code. Unchecked exceptions happen at runtime when the executable program starts running

ANS 4		The throw keyword is used inside a function. It is used when it is required to throw an Exception logically. The throws keyword is used in the function signature. It is used when the function has some statements that can lead to exceptions.

ANS 5
		Multithreading allows many parts of a program to run simultaneously. These parts are referred to as threads, and they are lightweight processes that are available within the process. As a result, multithreading increases CPU utilization through multitasking.

ANS 6	
		In Java, we can create our own exceptions that are derived classes of the Exception class. Creating our own Exception is known as custom exception or user-defined exception. Basically, Java custom exceptions are used to customize the exception according to user need.

ANS 7		The try-catch is the simplest method of handling exceptions. Put the code you want to run in the try block, and any Java exceptions that the code throws are caught by one or more catch blocks.

ANS 8		A thread is a thread of execution in a program. The Java Virtual Machine allows an application to have multiple threads of execution running concurrently. Every thread has a priority. Threads with higher priority are executed in preference to threads with lower priority.

ANS 9		There are two ways to create a thread:
By extending Thread class.
By implementing Runnable interface.


ANS 10		arbage collection (GC) is a dynamic approach to automatic memory management and heap allocation that processes and identifies dead memory blocks and reallocates storage for reuse. The primary purpose of garbage collection is to reduce memory leaks.